docs: readability improvements r2 (#1046)
unit8co/darts: docs/userguide/forecasting_overview.md

Some models support being fit on multiple time series. To do this, it is enough to simply provide a Python `Sequence` of `TimeSeries` (for instance a list of `TimeSeries`) to `fit()`. When a model is fit this way, the `predict()` function will expect the argument `series` to be set, containing
one or several `TimeSeries` (i.e., a single or a `Sequence` of `TimeSeries`) that need to be forecasted. 

> The advantage of training on multiple series is that a single model can be exposed to more patterns occurring across all series in the training dataset. That can often be beneficial, especially for more expre based models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of training on multiple series is that a single model can be exposed to more patterns occurring across all series in the training dataset. That can often be beneficial, especially for more bigger models with more capacity.
```
